{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
\cocoascreenfonts1{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10100\viewh11420\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructions To Self\
\
Creating a photo slideshow title icon:\
1. Make the icon (on a sheet of paper and write the title on it)\
2. Scan it in. It helps to place the paper icons on the scanner with a bright sheet of paper behind them, as opposed to white, because the contrast makes for a clearer  image, which helps with erasing the background in Photoshop.\
3. Import scans to iPhoto and edit them (i.e. adjusting brightness and saturation).\
4. Duplicate it 5ish times.\
5. Crop the photo so only one of the icons is showing, and drag this over into Photoshop. \
6. In PS, edit the photo so that the background is removed.\
7. Then click on "save as" and save the image as a jpeg on my desktop (the file can have any name). \
8. Import the file from my desktop back into iPhoto. (You have to do this otherwise it doesn't come up on the website, for some reason). Re-edit the photo if it needs to be brighter.\
9. Drag back into photoshop. Click on "image size" and make the dimensions about 110 x 55 (110 is the more important part).\
10. Click on the crop tool and zoom in on the image a few times. Crop it so that there isn't a bunch of white space on the sides. \
11. Click save as and save us "slideshow-title-icon.jpg" (e.g. "strange-magic-icon.jpg"). Make sure it is exported as jpg and saved inside the website file. \
12. Go into sublime and in the home.html file enter the icon in, just like all the others.\
\
Importing scrapbook scans:\
1. Make sure dimensions of scrapbook images are 1671 x 2274 (you can do this in iPhoto)\
2. If you are try to place two photos next to each other, go to Photoshop and click "new" then "file" and make the dimensions \
4548 x 3342 \
3. Then just place the photos together and save the file as a jpeg in the website file.\
\
Me\
07519504170\
\
Alice\
07402655463\
\
Con\
07572556367\
\
Chris\
07875542780\
\
Gavin\
07912435754\
\
Barbie\
07743536236}